https://codepen.io/tadepew/pen/JjjrYLa?editors=1100
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    gives meaning to a webpage's html
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    coding what is displayed on webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    gives more meaning to a tag, put it after tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the first header, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <head>
    7. What is an id? 
    a pointer to a part of an html element that is used in conjunction with css or javascript
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a descriptor that directs css and javascript similar to id
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    descriptor for hovering over a image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    section is used for semantics, div is used to divide for a specific style
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a webpage
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used multiple times and an id can be used only once, the footer could use id since it is only used once
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent > child , this is used when you want to select all direct children of another selector without affecting the others
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div > sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used when something is in a specific state, like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:capitalize; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    it says it
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, it is permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can keep every version and revert things to a previous state
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first you create your own version by forking, then you add PM as collaborator, then you clone, add to terminal, make your branch (firstname-lastname), do your commands, then push it to github under your branch


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline is on the same line, block is stacked
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it stays in a specific spot on the page, you can use top bottom left right to put an object wherever you want
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    flex-grow:
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    display block: div, p, h1. inline: a, img. inline-block: ?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    the box models are the rectangles created for elements in a web browser. elements have their own 'rectangle' but it adds the width. the fix for this is html {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}
*, *:before, *:after {
  box-sizing: inherit;
}